Hello my dear, today I want you
show a recipe again and have
me this time our delicious vegetables
Schnitzel I want you
be sure to introduce because they really
really tasty and not only healthy
but also vegetarian and yes me
thought that's just something else
and maybe you like it and then
Let's start with the
ingredients lea for that needs as
very first post the 125 milliliters
vegetable broth 1 tablespoon olive oil and
then you need a teaspoon of salt
weitzel wholegrain flour 1 1 and 1 egg yolk
and then 500 grams of colorful vegetables
have with carrots kohlrabi zucchini and
Eggplant taken
You also need some chives
spice up pepper and later a few
oatmeal
that was it already we can directly
the preparation is given
First you leave the vegetable stock
together with the oil and with the salt
boil up and if that all then
really nice stupid comes a tablespoon
wheat wholegrain flour you hear that
then kill with a whisk
and then the so is the brand of dough
the vegetable schnitzel results and if
the whole of the pot base take solves
her down from the stove gives the egg and
the yolk to it and the whole will then
also mixed properly if
that is getting a bit more fluid or
stays then that is not so bad
that will be compensated later and
that's just so long until it's good
is mixed and then puts it first
to the side
in the meanwhile while the whole
cools you prepare yours
Of course, vegetables must first
be peeled what needs to be peeled
and you can really eat any vegetables here
take what you have and if you only
carrots then you can do the whole thing
even cooking with carrots yes and if
you have prepared the whole thing then
you cut all the vegetables in
pretty small dice and then have to
finish with a colorful vegetable bowl
the vegetable of your choice and it can be
go on in that you all the now
the salt water bite
and if the whole thing is done then
is cooked or first in the
In the meantime you can still have yours
Chives in small rolls
Cut about 1 tablespoon is there
just fine and then the eggs are pouring vegetables
and the whole thing will be a bit like that
expressed dance while the sud on because
We, for example, have rice
Eaten and there you can eat the rice
cook in the boiled water
and then he gets a bit
taste or vegetables will come then
together with the herbs in a big one
bowl and then you give that
brandy the whole thing is going to be nice now
Stir until everything connects well
and for me that was relative now
it was really fluid and still
then you just give a handful
oatmeal so long until the
consistency has improved and that
whole is not so fluid because
then you can do that on a baking paper
be deliberate baking tray lay about one
another one to one and a half centimeters
high is there quite well and from yours
Just lace as big as you like
then the whole thing comes up at 170 degrees
and heat in the oven for 20
minutes and then you are as well
pretty quickly finished then you have to
we only have to do the whole thing
Here with a simple sauce and rice
made and it really has really good
matches we found, then yes
With that you have your vegetable schnitzel
then already finished that is one
great alternative if you vegetarian
be for example and yes it tastes good
really delicious and actually
very easy and a lot of fun while
to cook